todo:

0. Nice to haves for development:
    Save position of window when it moves
    Save visible state of window when it changes

1. Determine the maximum time for birding
	Observation: Birding always takes 30 seconds UNLESS the player moves or otherwise (if possible) cancels the birding.
		Possible counter observation (not yet seen): If the 3rd re-bird occurs around 20 seconds, is this still true?
	Observation: When birding is over, skill goes into cooldown, which is about 5 seconds.
	Observation: Each of the three white-feather events happens in 0-10, 10-20, and 20-30 second sections.
		Hypothesis: Once you've re-birded in a 10-second window, you will not see another white-feather until the next section.
	Observation: Character gives up on a white-feather event after approximately 3 seconds.
	Hypothesis: Incorrectly birding does not change the number of successes. - FALSE
		Observation: a false birding cancels the appearance of a white-feather event
		Question: Completely, or only if they coincide?
			So far: If you bird incorrectly you do not get a white feather event that 10-second section.
				Further question: Is it suppresing for an absolute amount of time? (i.e. no white-feather event FOR min. 10 seconds?)
				When incorrectly birding during the 10-20 second range, the 20-30 second range white-feather event is consistently showing up 10 seconds after the bad-birding.

2. Make an on-screen timer with the expected maximum time for birding.
	2.a. If testing shows a minimum amount of time between white-feathers appearing, visually represent that somehow?
	2.b. Add a cancel icon somewhere in case the player moves or otherwise cancels the birding.

3. Figure out what skill the player is using to activate birding
	3a. OR... find the birding skill, hook into its skill cooldown
	Observation: Hobbies don't show up in the list of Trained Skills.
	Need to fall back to detecting key-bind for the skill.

	If your have the plugin-recognized birding kit equipped and
		you are not in combat and
		you press the birding key then
			we should assume you birded.
		end

4. Mark on the timer when we bird, assuming it was successful
5. experiment to see if successful intra-birding attempts seem to reduce the overall birding time by a given amount.

6. Show Birding proficiency on the UI so I don't have to look in my character/hobby screen.

7. Script to import Birding process from LOTRO Companion.

8. Since Birding happens in specific locations, provide the bounding boxes for each of the regions in question, so /loc output automatically tells us which region we're in.
	8.a. Provide a button to trigger /loc

9. When printing a list of birds, have an option to sort by rarity.

10. Only pay attention to certain channels.

11. Improvement to Birding collections panel that allows to show just the birds in a region.

12. When unloading, save the zone. If the plugin is loaded within X seconds, accept that zone as true. Otherwise, ask "are you still in zone"?.

13. Use Regional chat channel changes to auto-detect what region we're in. (See Deed Tracker)
	The alias under Zone does this, need to make it bigger.
	(How do we hide the shortcut box?)
